DEVX-1754: Add missing commands (#596)
confluentinc/examples: clickstream/docs/index.rst

       cd examples/clickstream
       git checkout |release_post_branch|

> #. Get the Jar files for the source and sink connectors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Get the Jar files for ``kafka-connect-datagen`` (source connector) and ``kafka-connect-elasticsearch`` (sink connector).
```

       cd examples/clickstream
       git checkout |release_post_branch|

#. Get the Jar files for the source and sink connectors

   .. code:: bash

>        PWD=$(pwd)

Reviewer: @bbejeck this may not be required.  Based on observation in my environment, `PWD` is always defined.

Author: ack, updated

        ksqldb-server     bash -c # Manually install ...   Up      0.0.0.0:8083->8083/tcp, 0.0.0.0:8088->8088/tcp
        schema-registry   /etc/confluent/docker/run        Up      8081/tcp                                      
        tools             /bin/bash                        Up                                                    
        zookeeper         /etc/confluent/docker/run        Up      2181/tcp, 2888/tcp, 3888/tcp   

> 

Reviewer: Creating the connectors step could be part of the next section (retitled as suggested below).

Author: ack

> #. Once you've confirmed everything is running in previous step, run the source connectors via ksqldb-cli 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Once you've confirmed all the Docker containers are running, create the source connectors that generate mock data. This demo leverages the embedded Connect worker in ksqlDB, so run the script :devx-examples:`create-connectors.sql|clickstream/ksql/ksql-clickstream-demo/demo/create-connectors.sql` that executes the ksqlDB statements to create those connectors.
```

   .. code:: bash

>         docker-compose exec ksqldb-cli bash -c "ksql http://ksqldb-server:8088 <<EOF

Reviewer: These 4 lines with `<<EOF` were done this way for the script.  But for the docs it would be more helpful to present it as done in http://staging-docs.confluent.io.s3-website-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/PR/4375/5.5.0/tutorials/examples/clickstream/docs/index.html#load-the-streaming-data-to-ksqldb

Author: ack

        run script '/scripts/create-connectors.sql';
        exit ;

>         EOF"

Reviewer: Once the connectors are created, how about showing a screenshot of them running in C3?

Author: There's [an image for that already](http://staging-docs.confluent.io.s3-website-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/PR/4375/5.5.0/tutorials/examples/clickstream/docs/index.html#verify-the-data) should I move it up to the `Create the Clickstream Data`?

I'm fine with where it goes either way.

Author: EDIT: Looking at the new page, I think it makes sense to move the C3 Connector image up to this section.  I'll create a new screenshot with just the 3 datagen connectors and add it here and leave the existing one as is.

---------------------------

> Browse the Clickstream Data

Reviewer: `Browse the Clickstream Data` --> `Create the Clickstream Data`

Author: ack
